adb-aarch64.sh  googlesource    make
adb.sh          github          autotools
aom.sh          googlesource    cmake
aribb24.sh      github          autotools
avisynth.sh     github          cmake
axmldec.sh      github          cmake
busybox.sh      git             make
bzip2.sh        git             make
celt.sh         gitlab          autotools
chromaprint.sh  github          cmake
codec2.sh       github          cmake
cpu_features.sh github          cmake
daala.sh        gitlab          autotools
dav1d.sh        gitlab(vlan)    meson
davs2.sh        github          autotools
exhale.sh       gitlab          cmake
exiv2.sh        github          cmake
expat.sh        github          autotools
fdk-aac.sh      github          autotools
ffmpeg.sh       git             autotools
fftw.sh         tgz             cmake
file-signature.sh github        cc
flac.sh         github          autotools
flif.sh         github          cmake
flite.sh        github          autotools
fontconfig.sh   gitlab          autotools
freetype.sh     git             cmake
frei0r.sh       github          autotools
fribidi.sh      github          autotools
giflib.sh       git             cmake
glslang.sh      github          cmake
gmp.sh          tlz             autotools
gnutls.sh       gitlab          autotools
guetzli.sh      github          make
harfbuzz.sh     github          autotools
isobmff.sh      github          cmake
jasper.sh       github          cmake
jpegoptim.sh    github          autotools
json-c.sh       github          cmake
jsoncpp.sh      github          cmake
kvazaar.sh      github          autotools
ladspa.sh       tgz             make
lame.sh         git/github      autotools
lcms2.sh        github          autotools
lensfun.sh      github          cmake
leptonica.sh    github          autotools
libao.sh        gitlab          autotools
libass.sh       github          autotools
libavif.sh      github          cmake
libbluray.sh    gitlab(vlan)    autotools
libbpg.sh       github          make
libbs2b.sh      github          autotools
libcaca.sh      github          autotools
libcddb.sh      github          autotools
libcdio.sh      
libcunit.sh
libdc1394.sh
libde265.sh
libexif.sh
libfishsound.sh
libgav1.sh
libgcrypt.sh
libgme.sh
libgsm.sh
libheif.sh
libiconv.sh
libiec61883.sh
libilbc.sh
libjack.sh
libjbig.sh
libjpeg.sh
libklvanc.sh
liblzma.sh
libmagic.sh
libmodplug.sh
libmysofa.sh
libnuma.sh
libpng.sh
libpulse.sh
libraw.sh
libraw1394.sh
libressl.sh
librsvg.sh
libsrt.sh
libtiff.sh
libvideogfx.sh
libwebp.sh
libwebp2.sh
libxml2.sh
libzstd.sh
lv2.sh
mbedtls.sh
ncurses.sh
nettle.sh
ogg.sh
opencore-amr.sh
openh264.sh
openjpeg.sh
openssl.sh
opus.sh
pdf2htmlex.sh
postfish.sh
rnnoise.sh
rubberband.sh
samplerate.sh
sdl2.sh
shine.sh
snappy.sh
sndfile.sh
sndio.sh
soxr.sh
speex.sh
speexdsp.sh
svtav1.sh
tcutils.sh
tcutils_old.sh
tesseract.sh
theora.sh
tree.sh
turingcodec.sh
twolame.sh
uchardet.sh
vapoursynth.sh
vidstab.sh
vo-amrwbenc.sh
vorbis.sh
vpx.sh
vvc.sh
wavpack.sh
x264.sh
x265.sh
x265ml.sh
xavs.sh
xavs2.sh
xeve.sh
xvidcore.sh
zimg.sh
zlib.sh
zvbi.sh
