todo:
json package-stat file
implement llvm-mingw toolchain
dual static			ared on some cmake repos
xsetup vs sudo apt update

libs-2-build/fix:
binutils
ffmpeg
pzip
lib7zip
boost
turingcodec
...
status:
aom                        cm
aribb24                    ar
avisynth                   cm
binutils                   ac
boost                      cm
brotli                     cm
brunsli                    cm
bzip2                      cm
c-blosc                    cm
c-blosc2                   cm
cairo                      ag
celt                       ag
charls                     cm
chromaprint                cm
codec2                     cm
cpu_features               cm
daala                      ag
dav1d                      meson
davs2                      ac
density                    cm
exhale                     cm
exiv2                      cm
expat                      ac
fastlz                     cm..........READY
fdk-aac                    ag
fftw                       cm
fftwf                      cm
fftwl                      cm
fftwq                      cm
file-signature             
flac                       ag
flif                       cm
flite                      ac
fontconfig                 ac
freetype                   cm
frei0r                     ag
fribidi                    meson
giflib                     cmake
glib2                      meson
glslang                    cm
gmp                        ac
gnutls                     ac
guetzli                    cm
harfbuzz                   ag
highway                    cm
isobmff                    cm
jasper                     cm
jpegoptim                  ac
jq                         ar
json-c                     cm
jsoncpp                    cm
jxrlib                     mk
kvazaar                    ag
ladspa                     mk
lame                       ac
lcms2                      ac
lensfun                    cm
leptonica                  ag
lerc                       cm
lib7zip                    ccm
libaec                     cm
libao                      ag
libass                     ag
libavif                    cm
libbluray                  ar
libbpg                     mk
libbs2b                    ag
libcaca                    ac
libcddb                    ac
libcdio                    ac
libcunit                   ac
libdc1394                  ac
libde265                   ag
libdeflate                 mk
libexif                    ar
libfishsound               ag
libgav1                    cm
libgcrypt                  ag
libgme                     cm
libgsm                     mk
libheif                    cm
libiconv                   ac
libiec61883                ar
libilbc                    cm
libjack                    waf
libjbig                    mk
libjpeg                    cm
libjxl                     cm
libklvanc                  ac
liblzf                     ac
liblzma                    ac
libmagic                   ac
libmodplug                 ar
libmysofa                  cm
libnuma                    ac
libpng                     cm
libpulse                   meson
libraw                     ar
libraw1394                 ac
libressl                   cm
librsvg                    ag
librubberband              meson
libsrt                     cm
libtiff                    ccm
libtool                    am
libudfread                 ar
libvideogfx                ag
libwebp                    ar
libwebp2                   cm
libxml2                    am
libzstd                    cm
lizard                     cm
lodepng                    mk
lv2                        wf
lz4                        mk
lzo                        cm
mbedtls                    cm
nettle                     ac
ogg                        ag
oniguruma                  cm
open-vcdiff                cm
opencore-amr               ar
openh264                   meson
openjpeg                   cm
openssl                    other
opus                       ag
p7zip                      cm
pixman                     ag
poppler                    cm
postfish                   mk
rnnoise                    ag
samplerate                 cm
sdl2                       cm
sjpeg                      cm
skcms                      bazel
snappy                     cm
sndfile                    cm
soxr                       cm
speex                      ag
speexdsp                   ag
svtav1                     cm
tesseract                  ag
theora                     am
tree                       mk
turingcodec                cm
twolame                    ac
uchardet                   cm
vapoursynth                ag
vidstab                    cm
vo-amrwbenc                ar
vorbis                     ag
vpx                        ac
vvc                        cm
vvdec                      cm
vvenc                      cm
wavpack                    ar
x264                       ac
x265                       cm
xavs                       ac
xavs2                      ac
xeve                       cm
xvidcore                   ac
zfp                        cm
zimg                       ag
zlib                       cm
zopfli                     cm
zvbi                       ar
