aom                        cm
aribb24                    ar
avisynth                   cm
binutils                   ac
boost                      ccm
brotli                     cm
brunsli                    cm
bzip2                      cm
c-blosc                    cm
c-blosc2                   cm
cairo                      ag
celt                       ag
charls                     cm
chromaprint                cm
aom                        cm
aribb24                    ar
avisynth                   cm
binutils                   ac
boost                      ccm
brotli                     cm
brunsli                    cm
bzip2                      cm
c-blosc                    cm
c-blosc2                   cm
cairo                      ag
celt                       ag
charls                     cm
chromaprint                cm
